League of legends is the greatest game ever made.
If you ever walk into a bathroom and notice there are no urinals, you're probably in the women's bathroom.
Ask Paul about the Captain Hook incident.
Whatever you do, do NOT look up largest lake in Peru
This world is harsh on soft, tender young men like me with a heart of gold
racism is bad
Your task is to write a 1-2 paragraph discussion post and reply to two of your peers’ comments above.
If I had a nickel for every time a greek org asked me to take a post down I would have 3 nickels. which isn’t a lot, but it’s weird that it happened 3 times
https://x.com/un_responsive/status/1613394385525436417
In my final moments instead of seeing memories of loved ones and happy times, I will be flashed by millions of memes and shitposts that I’ve seen throughout my life. I will laugh maniacally like the joker. It was a good life
Shoutout to my arms for always being by my side
Gamers are the second most oppressed group in America.
Drunk drivers are the single most oppressed group in America.
Idk who needs to hear this but the stars and planets will not affect your life in any way.
Pokemon GO to the polls!
Everybody talking bout Elon and Trump rn. When we gonna talk about me? 😔💔💔
Fetty wap is short for Fettuccini Wet Ass Pussy
A foolish man is lactose intolerant. A wise man simply tolerates it.
Whoever likes this has a crush on you. Repost if brave
Rest in peace to the bitches that are dying to be me #amen
HYNNGNYNNG *drools*
I pledge allegiance to the bag
Like this message if you hate racism.
Do NOT kill yourself. That shit makes you die
Next person to say anything is racist
Liberals be like: oh let me just open my favorite app, DickCock, and sell my daily data to the CCP
Glory to the CCP!
No more saying cuss words guys!
One day your knees will buckle under the weight of your endless sins. I will not be there to save you.
In this life, I'm the pitbull and Adams is the toddler.
freaky mode activated
freaky
freaked out rn
Fabian is chimpanzee
Rohan is lizard
Hari is monkey
Nik is egirl
obamna
God is the teacher. Nik is the student.. and I am God's instrument.
Adams is the first ever "i no dominican, i black"
Jarvis, initiate freaky mode.
What if Dr. Martin Luther King was Dr. Martin Luther Kink? And he was a freak?
Life is like a sandwich, no matter how you slice it, the bread always comes first.
Jasper really a freakazoid
Mind you, Rohan is an Eagle scout
One thing about Jenn is she gon come into this chat after a month of radio silence and say some dumb shit
One thing about Hari is he gon come into this chat and say im baby
monkey mode
Tag someone gay rn to out them
KPOP is a Korean government Psyop to brainwash the next generation of tiktokers
Your execution will be in 3 days
Enough wisdom. Get on the game
Mfs don't even say bless you no more. They just stare at you and start digging in they butt
Get rich or die trying. That's all it's ever been about.
If you ever wake up one morning and find yourself laying in the back of a new bugatti, make sure to announce this relevation to the world, preferably shouting at the top of your lungs.
If you ever happen to see Adams at a wave that's not at his apartment. Don't make noise, keep your eyes on him and walk backwards towards the nearest exit. That's not Adams, that's a skinwalker.
Lebron James. Boy oh boy where do I even begin. Lebron.. honey, my pookie bear. I have loved you ever since I first laid eyes on you. The way you drive into the paint and strike fear into your enemies eyes. Your silky smooth touch around the rim, and that gorgeous jumpshot. I would do anything for you. I wish it were possible to freeze time so I would never have to watch you retire.
Fuqqin bored at work time to dig in my ass or play on my phone ig
Love me or hate me imma dig in my ass regardless
If it’s one thing ab me ima dig in my ass idgaf
I dont do shit but dig in my ass all day 😂
Rise and grind. "Yes unc", they all say in unison.
You only live once, so try to play as much League of Legends as humanly possible.
Dr. Eggman was prolly mad as fuck when he saw that blue fucker go Super Sonic for the first time.
Tag someone
I wonder what the nutritional value of Rohan would be
Like this message for a hug on the last day of school 😊❤🙈
This is your sign to quit your job
Ping someone for no reason.
Be quiet when a schizophrenic racist is speaking. Listen and learn.
Remember when you could refer to your knees as right and left? Instead of good and bad. Good times...
2 Rules of be my friend: Never betray me 💯 Have white skin 💯
They say you are what you eat... In that case, I must be made of human flesh 😂😁
Erm, what the flip?
Only future millionaires and billionaires can like this post.
The rocks are quiet because the trees are listening..
I be cooling bra idc bout nun
Never discuss cheese with rats.
Any billion dollar ideas?
I make a penny, Boss makes a buck. Thats why I crank my hog in the company truck.
Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime. Thats why I shit on company time.
Don't nobody smile harder than a mexican that didn't understand a word you said 😂😂😭😢
Wtf is manifesting? Just start stealing
Hmmm a group of people discussing nonsense as usual ^^^ Now that's what I call a NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION 🙄🤦‍♂️🤦‍♀️
We all got that one SPED homie that be like "what i miss?"
Que pedo wey
If u know u stupid just keep it to yourself today. I'm not da fuckin mood 😡
Society turned me into a monster.
Aye I got a question for everyone
Notify me whenever the time presents itself to slide on the opponents
Anyone got a iphone charger im on like 6 percent
Anyone hiring?
Never drink water after eating fish cuz then the fish in ur stomach will be all like glug glug glug
El tiempo no sana nada lo que sana es la colita de rana
I want to lock adams in a cage in my basement and poke him with my fingers thru the bars
Pinche mamaguebaso
The voices in my head are telling me to do bad things!
When the shadow people are speaking, you listen.
If you're ever hiking in the Appalachian Mountains and encounter the shadow beings, listen and learn. Might help you get ur bread up.
Life is like a box of chocolates, and I'm a dog with a sweet tooth
I was put on this Earth to play league and sip on vodka, and brother, we are all out of vodka.
Imma block one person today at random just to remind yall life aint fair
Somebody in this server is going to die in the next 48 hours. Not saying who tho 😊
Sounds like SOMEBODY needs a visit from the TICKLE MONSTER!! 
You could dedicate your whole life to having the best buttermilk but a pancake will tell you they don't need syrup... Fuck you waffling about, egghead? SCRAMBLE!
Hellen Keller did not fly no fucking airplane
Always be yourself, no matter the circumstances
@everyone hello everyone! new rule has been added (can't believe i have to say this) please don't give birth in vc. it makes people very uncomfortable. i don't want to have this added to the rules as it is very embarrassing for me as a high ranking officer in this server and the rest of the people trying to enjoy the server. this is your final warning.
For me, it's the McChicken. The best fast food sandwich. I even ask for extra McChicken sauce packets and the staff is so friendly and more than willing to oblige. One time I asked for McChicken sauce packets and they gave me three. I said, "Wow, three for free!" and the nice friendly McDonald's worker laughed and said, "I'm going to call you 3-for-free!". Now the staff greets me with "hey it's 3-for-free!" and ALWAYS give me three packets. It's such a fun and cool atmosphere at my local McDonald's restaurant, I go there at least 3 times a week for lunch and a large iced coffee with milk instead of cream, 1-2 times for breakfast on the weekend, and maybe once for dinner when I'm in a rush but want a great meal that is affordable, fast, and can match my daily nutritional needs. I even dip my fries in McChicken sauce, it's delicious! What a great restaurant.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Minorities will not make it to heaven.
Jaundice is when u come out the coochie doing yellow face
I find trolling fascinating. A unique and magnificent art form, it has truly evolved in the last decade. The best feeling is trolling someone who is too emotional to notice they are being trolled. To successfully troll means to take a deep breath inhaling all the hate from the world and exhaling in pure glee. Trolling is a way of life, trolling is life. And I am a troll.
One thing about Sadiya, she gon ping Degens
One thing about Jasper, he gon send anime girl gif
One thing about Jasper, he gon leave a party early
One thing about Rohan, he gon ragebait
One thing about Adams, he gon open chat at 1 AM and say "what i miss?" 
One thing about Nik, he gon let the world know when he freaky
Do not let this distract you from the fact that Adams reversed into Div's car while having a backup camera
Ham burger
Throw me to the wolves and I'll come back covered in cum
Throw me to the wolves and I'll come back pregnant
Sadiya be like Nah... imma ping Degens
Adams be like Nah... imma reverse into divs car
the penis of my balls is my ass
Don't fucking play with me. You'll only end up playing with yourself...
Dominicans control the American banking system
These bitches discuss me...
You can either cum in the sink or sink in the cum
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Never discuss cheese with rats.
One day u gon hit the vape pen and just straight up die. #StopSmoking
Mfs be wearing fake glasses to court. You still going to jail Malcolm X 😂
How can you carry a baby for nine months then look him dead in the eyes and name him Adams
I must be celibate the way i dont give a fuck
Lord if you are seeing this, take me and the person reading this. WE are ready!
There is no answer greater than silence and no punishment greater than forgiveness
it's what it's
I've felt permanently guilty for no reason since I was like 9 years old
Rise and Unwind today. Jus fuckin chill and relax and take it easy
le sigh. we cringe on
chillmaxxing
Some of you aren't carrying enough constant yearning for love that just straight up consumes you, and that makes me sick
I graduated fart school top of my ass
A foolish man complains of his torn pocket. A wise man uses it to scratch his balls
They want me in a psych ward cuz the way i straight jack it
Chilling. HARD.
I'm blunt because God rolled me that way.
Peruvians be losing in UNO and then be like "who tf shuffled these"
What's that? What's a wisdom? ...
Unauthorized user detected. Tactical nuke is currently en route to your location.
Summ of u need to realize that when ur girl beat u its for ur own good...
"it's just ragebait bro 😂" -the most annoying person you know
Not saying HBD to none of ya until you actually grow up...
Here's a question for the mind readers out there:
Something about me ain't right
We live in a world where Lego has a label telling you not to eat it But British food doesn't..
This bag u been chasing must be running fast as Fuck
Not enough shutting da fuck up be going on these days
Haters mad cuz im a sweetheart
One time in 3rd grade I zoned out and I don't think I ever zoned back in
Una elefante y una perra se embarazon al mismo tiempo. Tres meses despues, la perra pario 6 cachorritos. Seis meses mas tarde, la perra estaba embarazada de nuevo, y nueve meses despues dio a luz a otra docena de cachorros. y asi el patron continuaba. En el mes 18, la perra se acerca a la elefante para cuestionarla: "Estas embarazada? Quedamos embarazadas en la misma fecha, yo he dado a luz 3 veces a una docena de cachorros y ellos ya son perros adultos y tu aun sigues embarazada, ¿Que es lo que pasa?" La elefante respondio: "Hay algo que quiero que entiendas... Que te valga verga cuanto dura mi emparaza hija de tu puta madra, asi soy y que culera?, pena deberia darte presumir que andas de puta, abriendo las pinches patas a cado rato pendeja, saquese a chingar su puta madre si no quiere que la agarre a vergazos.
Better to admit you walked through the wrong door than to spend your life in the wrong room.
It won't happen overnight but if you quit, it won't happen at all.
In order to love who you are, you cannot hate the experiences that shaped you.
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Be someone who makes everybody feel like somebody.
As a kid I was jealous of Shrek for having a talking donkey, but lowkey ur pretty much the same thing
pgLang foo..
There is no audience to perform for. There is no approval, no admiration to attain. There is no role worth playing. There is no one to convince. Let it go.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. When the waters calm, clarity comes.
We judge others by their actions, while we judge ourselves by our intentions.
If u unplug the wifi box for 1 sec the whole house act like they bout to die. You'll see people come out rooms you aint never seen before
Haters will see you teleport and say he can't afford a car
If gettin money was gay I'd have a mouth full of CUM
Olivia would beat the ever living shit out of Peppa Pig. It’s not even close
Remi would beat the ever living shit out of Stuart Little. It's not even close
Everybody wanna say i’m pussy, but nobody wanna stick they dick inside me
Se fue la maldita luz
They must think I do anal the way I be goin thru shit
There is absolutely NO reason to not know the difference between their and there at your big age
https://fixupx.com/un_responsive/status/1506347885159501841
https://fixupx.com/un_responsive/status/1480621989475897347
Reminder that the last Frank Ocean album was during the Obama administration
Dattu always tryna box at a function. How about u punch a clock and knockout 8 hours
Sometimes u can't tell if a dude is gay or just MAD Dominican
Next person to misgender Juno is getting executed taliban style
Always pee after sex so you don't get an HDMI
Whoever is scratching in my walls can you go away like right now
I bought a charger from dollar tree and ts changed my phone number wtf
Haters will see you teleport and say it's cuz he ain't got a car
Haters will see you walk on water and say he can't afford a boat
Tired of playing videogames with liberals. Imagine winning a teamfight in League and u got Jasper on vc talm bout "that was kafkaesque"
I've hit quans harder than you could ever imagine
Water gotta be top 1 liquids
If I tell you I lost something and you ask me "where did you last put it" you deserve to be shot
Jordan fans got 3 arguments in the GOAT debate and two of them have nothing to do with basketball
Tax return just hit. Pullin up to Red Lobster like bring me Eugene Krabbs
